# VoyageCapital

A disadvantage of being a beginner investor is the tendency to rely on anyone and everyone’s trading tips and opinions. However, different things work differently for individual stock traders in this industry. So, the strategy that has worked for them might not get results for you. Applying too many tips and opinions at once can lead to conflict in your trading. Nobody can become a pro trader in just a month or even a year. The market is continuously evolving, and so is online trading. It’s a common mistake made by many stock traders that after a point they stop learning. Thinking that you can set an investment goal, and keep getting results by repeating a trading strategy that got results for you in the past can be a big mistake. The moment you lose focus and take your eyes off the charts and emerging trends, you become vulnerable to the market’s worst moods. So, consuming relevant media and tracking the market movements is essential. Sound trading practices and proper guidance from market experts can help you. New investors may not know about the hidden risks in many seemingly simple investment strategies. To combat this pitfall, it’s important to be as informed as possible. Through our project Voyage Capital we aim to provide investors with accurate data regarding stocks and stock market that will benefit them and help them make well informed decisions. The user is supposed to sign up through ID and password or login through existing Gmail. The site will provide information related to stocks and also offer predictions regarding stocks i.e. what is the recent trend and fluctuations in stocks. It plans to do so by analysing stock market parameters such as market Price to Book value ratio. It also provides with a news feature wherein recent news related to stocks will be given. We plan on utilizing tools such as Database Management System, Structured Query Language, Front and Back end development and machine learning. 
In today’s volatile market which offers myriads of seemingly lucrative “money minters”, choose Voyage Capital to help you in making informed and profitable investments. 
